a group of gamers are invited to try a
state-of-the-art virtual reality but it
turns out to be a deadly trap
welcome to total recaps
today we will explain a 2016 action
sci-fi thriller titled the call up
take a seat and enjoy at the beginning
we are introduced to carl who is a
hardcore gamer he is alarmed to attend a
very important elite gamer event
full of excitement he enters a large
building where other gamers are already
waiting for everything to start
there are eight gamers in total they
observe the place unaware what might
happen and what to expect then a voice
can be heard welcoming them all to beta
testing they must all sign in on the
tablets in order to start with the test
and are provided with lockers for their
personal stuff
they then need to change into special
suits that are equipped with motion
capture technology gamers now enter a
room where they are scanned by a machine
and then they are given yet another suit
but this time an armored one
the specially made helmet they must wear
actually cannot be taken off once gamer
puts it on one of the players named
zaheed refuses to wear the suit because
he does not want to look like a
terrorist since he is a muslim
so he tries to walk away but the doors
won't open someone controlling the game
won't let him leave
shelley now talks to zaheed trying to
convince him to participate so he
eventually calms down and agrees to suit
up the simulation starts and the room
suddenly turns into a post-apocalyptic
place
they are all amazed with the view as
they look around but zahid on the other
hand looks concerned he starts to think
joining the game was a mistake
a simulated person appears all of a
sudden and he instructs them to fall in
line he is a sergeant and he seems very
strict he seems so real shelley needed
to touch him to confirm it is only a
simulation
now all players get their weapons
one of the players named andre used to
be a soldier and he claims those weapons
simply look too realistic
the sergeant warns them if they get hit
their armor will suffer he then shoots
marco who loses his armor because of the
shot they are also given some medical
tube which can heal them in case of an
injury sergeant then explains how in the
game they must fight terrorists who
occupied the building they will start at
the 25th floor and move to the bottom
the gamer with the highest score wins
the game
everything is ready the game can start
the former soldier andre now takes a
lead
the first enemy appears and starts to
shoot the gamers but andre takes him out
now on the 24th floor they find more
weapons that actually look even more
advanced but there are only four pieces
marco makes a kill with a new weapon and
adam tries to shoot a sitting enemy but
fails with each bullet the enemy now
fights back and andre saves adam but
loses his armor
one of the gamers named taylor now tells
she is not actually a real gamer but
shelley comforts her it is only a game
she is then almost killed by the enemy
but carl jumps into rescue and makes his
first kill
but there is another enemy in hiding and
he manages to shoot carl carl is now in
pain something is seriously wrong
earlier sergeant gave them those tubes
that can make the pain go away so andre
steps in and uses that tube on carl it
seems to be working the wound is gone
but carl is still in shock he's sure
this is not a game
the others are very confused as carl
explains how the pain came from the suit
they now try to take it off but it is
impossible to remove it since each suit
is locked they argue and almost fight
each other as tensions are rising
between them andre gets accused he knew
about the reality of the simulation as
he had some real experience as a soldier
so he gets angry and leaves the room
suddenly the enemies respawn and one of
them shoots andre twice
since he used his tube he is now forced
to suffer great pain inflicted in the
shooting other gamers heard the gunshots
and then edward gets shot as well
the others now run scared for their
lives
andre somehow exits the room and adam
throws a grenade when suddenly the voice
can be heard
it says the second run is over and adam
gets declared as the winner andre is now
in some serious problems
a sound can be heard coming from his
helmet and he is then electrocuted
andre is dead and the rest are in shock
seeing what just happened
saheed asks carl to destroy his helmet
which he cannot do
sergeant then appears again and warns
saheed and the others they must not try
to take off anything and that they must
proceed with the game
they proceed to the 19th floor where
they meet the sergeant once again
he informs them a gas leak is present at
the following level and that only the
usage of knives is allowed
it seems like game is getting harder and
harder on the 17th floor adam gets shot
and he now suffers the great pain as
well
shelley runs to help him out while carl
protects her but also gets shot
both shelly and marco now use their
tubes to save carl and adam
later saheed once again wants to leave
this terrifying game and using carl's
help tries to break a window the
sergeant appears again and beats saheed
he kicks him down the stairs and zaheed
breaks his leg
he is warned next time he will die if he
tries to do something stupid
unable to walk or to be carried saheed
is now left behind
on the 11th floor there is a new weapon
waiting for them edward gets it but
marco steals the weapon out of his hands
now marco gets shot taylor hides inside
a bathroom armed only with a knife but
still manages to use it properly and she
kills one enemy she is not some scared
girl anymore now she is a killer after
the level is cleared the group takes a
break and they talk about their lives
they find out they were picked for the
game because they wouldn't be missed if
something happens to them
they are all loners
that fact only motivates them even more
to finish the game
meanwhile an enemy appears on the upper
floor and kills a heat
on the ninth floor there is an enemy the
group must torture to find out about the
bomb he planted and that could destroy
the whole building
edward says he wants to do it he
tortures the captured enemy and extracts
the safe word pushkin
adam inputs the word pushed in into the
computer but it turns out it only
started something
the countdown process has now just
started and the bomb will go off in 30
minutes
the captive actually only fooled the
group and he starts to laugh at them but
taylor snaps and kills him
tensions between marco and adam are now
rising it seems like marco hates adam so
much adam is actually afraid for his
life the team has only 24 minutes left
before everything is turned into dust
adam and marco are now alone and they
hear someone coming
it seems like adam's fear was justified
marco uses him as a bait and adam is
shot right before he gets electrocuted
on the upper floor the others are
ambushed by the enemy
taylor separates from the group in order
to collect more medical tubes
she finds it but then marco confronts
her saying he wants it when she refuses
to give it to him he shots her
carl notices marco is up to something
and goes to investigate he is in shock
there is a body of deceased tailor and
writing made using her blood
he is furious and attacks marco
as they fight marco's helmet is damaged
and sergeant suddenly appears and kills
marco there were eight players at the
beginning and now there are only three
left
they make their way to the basement
floor where a voice informs them that
they have arrived at the top level
they reload their weapons before
ambushing four enemies they are
successfully killing the enemies but
they need to watch out for the timer the
bomb must be disarmed before the timer
runs out there are now only three
minutes left
carl and shelley run out of luck and
they get shot by a machine gun
two of them are now seriously injured
they suffer great pain and need the
healing tubes but there is only one left
carl sacrifices himself and gives the
tube to shelly meanwhile edward uses a
rocket launcher and kills the gunner who
shot his teammates he manages to reach
the bomb in time and to turn it off
shelley and edward are now the only
survivors as the game is finally
finished
the sergeant appears to congratulate
them but then something really weird
happens
edward recites his victory speech which
sounded like it was pre-made
it seems like edward was an inside guy
the simulation now ends in security
guards enter the room they had edward
refreshments but they put shelley to
sleep
she now wakes up in the basement
surrounded by her teammates and edward
shows up he tells her she has won the
game and that she earned a lot of money
she tells edward she will tell everyone
what just happened in that building but
he claims nobody will believe her
then when one guard approaches her once
again she takes his tranquilizer and
injects it into him
she takes his gun and kills the other
guards edward hears the gunshots and
then shelley suddenly appears instead of
his guards
she tells him this sick game will never
happen again and kills him
thank you for watching
if you want to see more make sure to
subscribe and turn on notifications
see you later